# Session 2: Whispers in the Village of Barovia

The party began by heading west to investigate Tser Falls, though the search yielded very little of note. As you continued along the road, you were ambushed by five ferocious Dire Wolves, but the party coordinated effectively and slew them all. Shortly after the combat, you spotted Ismark the Lesser hiding anxiously in the roadside bushes. Upon introducing himself, he begged the party to accompany him back to the village of Barovia to help protect his sister, Ireena, and escort her away from the watchful gaze of Strahd.

Upon entering the dreary village of Barovia, you paid a visit to the local inn. The tavern keeper was remarkably grumpy and made absolutely no effort to speak with you, while three Vistani patrons sitting nearby showed a similar lack of interest in conversation. Leaving the tavern, you made your way to the Burgomaster’s mansion, only to find a somber scene: the Burgomaster was already dead, his body resting in a coffin on the floor. There you met Ireena Kolyana, who revealed that Strahd had already visited her twice and bitten her, though her memories of the encounters remained incredibly hazy.

Seeking more information about the town, you visited Mad Mary’s house. The weeping woman explained that her daughter, Gertruda, had run away into the night. She gave the party a painting of Gertruda along with a strange doll bearing the eerie inscription, "Is no fun, is no Blinsky!" With the doll and painting in hand, you returned to the Burgomaster's mansion to get a good night's rest. The party resolved to help transport the late Burgomaster’s coffin to the local church the following morning, and Ireena agreed to honor her brother’s wishes to flee the village as soon as her father was properly laid to rest.
